fix(android): Add content for KMManager lexical model APIs (#311)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: developer/engine/android/14.0/KMManager/getLanguageCorrectionPreferenceKey.md

---
title: KMManager.getLanguageCorrectionPreferenceKey()
---

## Summary
A constant to use as a shared preference key to store whether the LMLayer should enable corrections for a given language.

## Syntax
```java
KMManager.getLanguageCorrectionPreferenceKey(String langID)
```

### Parameters

`langId`
: The BCP 47 language ID

### Returns
Returns the language correction preference key as a String.

## Description
Use this method to get a String that can be used as a shared preference key.

> The usage of this preference key is experimental and likely to be deprecated in a future release of KMEA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage of this preference key is experimental and likely to be deprecated in a future release of Keyman Engine for Android.
```

(Let's avoid using "KMEA" as far as possible. "Keyman Engine" or "Keyman Engine for Android" are appropriate.

---
title: KMManager.getLanguageCorrectionPreferenceKey()
---

## Summary
A constant to use as a shared preference key to store whether the LMLayer should enable corrections for a given language.

## Syntax
```javascript
KMManager.getLanguageCorrectionPreferenceKey(String langID)
```

### Parameters

`langId`

: The language ID

### Returns
Returns the language correction preference key as a String.

## Description
Use this method to get String that can be used as a shared preference key.

> The String is a constant of `langId` plus a suffix `.mayCorrect`.

Author: > Is this shared preference name required for the system keyboard? Does Keyman Engine depend on it?

KMEA uses the key as an override. If the preference keys don't exist or aren't set, the default is `true`.

So is the intent in documenting here to allow keyboard creators to set their own preference to disable/enable corrections and predictions?

We can certainly add a `keyman` prefix.

> The String is a constant of `langId` plus a suffix `.mayCorrect`.

Author: We went spelunking in the code and determined:
* these preferences are saved in a KMAPreferences file, so it won't be polluting keyboard apps
* it would be better at a future release for the apps to manage these and pass the values to KMManager to determine when to override.

For now, we'll mark these as "experimental" and likely to go away to dissuade usage
